README.md, before:

# LIGHTWEIGHT MVC (For Wordpress MVC)
--------------------------------

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/10quality/wpmvc-mvc/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/10quality/wpmvc-mvc)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/10quality/wpmvc-mvc/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/10quality/wpmvc-mvc)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/10quality/wpmvc-mvc/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/10quality/wpmvc-mvc)

Forked version for WPMVC.

**Lightweight MVC** is a small framework that adds *Models*, *Views* and *Controllers* to your custom **Wordpress** plugin or theme.

Lightweight MVC utilices existing Wordpress functionality preventing from overloading the already heavy loaded Wordpress core.

This framework was inspired by **Laravel** to add the MVC design pattern to Wordpress development in an efficient, elegant and optimized way.

## Coding Guidelines

The coding is a mix between PSR-2 and Wordpress PHP guidelines.

## License

**Lightweight MVC** is free software distributed under the terms of the MIT license.

Commit message:

WordPress capitalized & other spelling fixes

README.md, after:

# LIGHTWEIGHT MVC (For WordPress MVC)
--------------------------------

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/10quality/wpmvc-mvc/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/10quality/wpmvc-mvc)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/10quality/wpmvc-mvc/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/10quality/wpmvc-mvc)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/10quality/wpmvc-mvc/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/10quality/wpmvc-mvc)

Forked version for WPMVC.

**Lightweight MVC** is a small framework that adds *Models*, *Views* and *Controllers* to your custom **WordPress** plugin or theme.

Lightweight MVC utilices existing WordPress functionality preventing from overloading the already heavy loaded WordPress core.

This framework was inspired by **Laravel** to add the MVC design pattern to WordPress development in an efficient, elegant and optimized way.

## Coding Guidelines

The coding is a mix between PSR-2 and WordPress PHP guidelines.

## License

**Lightweight MVC** is free software distributed under the terms of the MIT license.
